Entered doc for AI Linear Function (#2327)
Codecademy/docs: content/ai/concepts/neural-networks/terms/linear-activation-function.md

5. Connect the points to visualize the line representing the linear function.

## Example

Let's consider a simple AI model that predicts housing prices based on the size of the house (`x`). The model is represented by the linear function `y = 100x + 50`, where `y` is the predicted price.

To graph this function, plot the actual housing price data points on the graph, initialize the slope as 100, and the y-intercept as 50. Calculate the predicted prices for the corresponding house sizes and connect the points to visualize the line.

```python
import numpy as np

# Define the parameters of the linear function
weights = np.array([2, 3])  # weights for the features
bias = 1  # bias term

# Define the input features
features = np.array([1, 2])  # input features

# Compute the linear combination
linear_combination = np.dot(weights, features) + bias

print("Linear combination:", linear_combination)
```

In this example, we have a simple linear function with two input features (`features`) and two corresponding weights (`weights`). The linear combination is computed by taking the dot product of the weights and features and adding the bias term. Finally, the result is printed out.

> > Note that this code assumes the presence of the NumPy library for array operations. Make sure you have NumPy installed or adjust the code accordingly if you're using a different numerical computing library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This code assumes the availability of the NumPy library for array operations. Make sure you have NumPy installed or adjust the code accordingly if you're using a different numerical computing library.
```
